hi everybody it's me darien lake again
I'm a little bit under the weather have
a little bit of a cold but you know I'm
feeling fabulous so what do you say um i
thought i would tell you a story about
my cruise experience i do love to go on
cruises and a couple of years ago I went
down to Aruba and I went scuba diving so
I took the lesson and everything like
that they took us out to the to the boat
after breakfast of course and lunch and
um so we went out to the boat and the
season really rocky that day so um we go
out there and she says well we need to
put a weight belt on you how much do you
weigh and I told her you know 150 pounds
on Mars and so well I actually told her
my real real late because you know I
don't want to die or anything so she
puts the weight belt on me and I still
float I'm like I'm very buoyant you're
gonna have to put extra weight on me she
even put more weight on me and she SAT
there and she looked at me and she
thought you know what you have to be
heavier and I said that was the sweetest
thing that anybody has ever said to me
in my entire life so she puts even more
weight on me she's tied me to the anchor
for Christ's sake and finally she knows
she doesn t under the water so I go into
their peaceful it's beautiful I love it
i'm having a great time so as we're
coming up from you know scuba diving and
snorkeling and all that stuff um what
happened was the seas were still really
wrapped and of course we're trying to
get on the back of the boat and the boat
the back of the boat is flipping like
this you know so the they throw the
ladder off the back and the latter of
course is whipping like a tail so I'm
trying to crawl up the ladder and I have
like an extra 300 pounds of weight on me
so i have to like take the belt off and
of course my legs are sliding through
this through the ladder smashing my
knees my thighs my shins and i just
shaved so it was raw and of course it's
the back of the boat so like the
gasoline is mixing with the salt water
it's getting all in my mouth some girl
comes up and she's like I can't equalize
my ear pressure and she keeps blowing
like her nose so of course it's like
boogers everywhere she looks like a
four-year-old like just frozen it's
discussing so of course my eggs benedict
just started to you know
work its way up so I'm getting smacked
against the back of the boat finally I
just like in the last scene of Jaws just
belly flop on top of the boat and I'm
just like and of course the boat starts
to list and everything like that and
their leg Jesus Christ we're gonna need
a bigger boat so um I finally just crawl
myself all the way it's like onto the
boat and I'm like lying there like the
help of seal and they're like no you
have to stand up I'm like I can't stand
up right now I'm going to vomit so I
stand up meanwhile I hear a girl
vomiting into a plastic bag like in the
corner and I'm like I'm just going to
lose it i'm gonna lose it so finally
they grabbed me by the back of my hair
pull me up my hair go flying i wasn't
really in drag I swear so um so I get up
and the whole boat and everything is
just moving I can't see the like horizon
you know they say so sure enough it
starts to come all of it and I'm not a
dainty eater I don't know if you can
tell um you know like a bird you know I
eat like my you know like one and a half
times my weight so um anyway so I run
back to the bag push the girl out of the
way and puke into the bag sorry for the
sound effect but you know makes it more
realistic so of course the first thing
you do after you puke is who breathe in
into a plastic bag needless to say I had
the worst experience of my life as soon
as the doc pulled in of course I'm
covered in vomit and sea water and
gasoline so basically like any Thursday
night and um I smell french fries so
there you have it the eating cycle
begins with such a heifer but there's my
story about scuba diving and I hope you
enjoyed it and I hope it didn't gross
you out too much